# chaotic-itinerancy
* Chaotic-itinerancy is a broad subject and the defition may also differ depending on who you ask, therefore I will only provide a brief explanation, for more detailed one you should read pages focused on this topic. Chaotic-itinerancy is movement of a point between clusters ( groups ) in seemingly random way, this "randomness" is also intensified by the noise (distractions). The goal of this project is to model the "randomness" of such systems that go into this category, give it a visible and measurable result. Code creates one of the possible system that apears to have chaotic-itinerancy then using dbscan it creates the canditades for clusters and also showcase the results on a plot. Many diffrent functions are used in order to manipulte the order of groups and to gather as many information as possible. All of it come down to calculating series-entropy (name is still work in progress) which is supposed to give a reliable number that indicates the level of choas in chaotic-itinerancy.
Although current results seem to be very promising it is still a long way before series-entropy can be used with full trust, therefore for the time being I discouarage you to use it as a chaos measurement.Hopefully my further studies will be published by the end of 2022. When running the code please have patience, due to number of calcualtions running time may take up to 5 min. Some small changes can be made to code to show some diffrent plots, calculations it is not neccessary. If you have any questions regarding this project please contact me privately.*
